SplunkPy: added `Fetch Investigations` (#44242)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/4_1_0.md

#### Classifiers

> ##### New: SplunkPyV2 - Classifier

Author: Done

> ##### New: SplunkPyV2 - Classifier

Reviewer: Agreed

> - New: Added a new classifier - **SplunkPyV2 - Classifier** that classifies SplunkPy v2 events into Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation incident types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the **SplunkPyV2 - Classifier** that classifies SplunkPy v2 events into Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation incident types.
```

Conditionalize for XSIAM: issue types

Author: Done.

#### Incident Fields

##### Splunk Status

> - Updated the **Splunk Status** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.

Reviewer: @ilappe Any reference to incident type needs to be conditionalized to issue type for XSIAM (lines 12-82)

Author: No need — the platform has a build-time process that swaps "incident" → "issue" for the XSIAM marketplace, so the release notes stay as "incident" in source.

##### Splunk Urgency

> - Updated the **Splunk Urgency** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the **Splunk Urgency** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.
```

Author: Done.

##### Splunk Sensitivity

> - Updated the **Splunk Sensitivity** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the **Splunk Sensitivity** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.
```

Author: Done.

##### Splunk Disposition

> - Updated the **Splunk Disposition** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the **Splunk Disposition** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.
```

Author: Done.

##### Splunk Notes

> - Updated the **Splunk Notes** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the **Splunk Notes** incident field to align with the new **Splunk Investigation** incident type.
```

Author: Done.

> ##### New: Splunk Implicit Finding IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Splunk Implicit Finding IDs
```

Reviewer: @ilappe I recommend consolidating all the new incident (and conditionalize to issue for XSIAM) fields into a bulleted list as follows:

```suggestion
##### Added the following incident fields:
- Splunk Implicit Finding IDs
- Splunk Excluded Finding IDs
- Splunk Intermediate Finding IDs
- Splunk Risk Object
- Splunk Incident Origin
- Splunk Investigation GUID
- Splunk Investigation ID
- Splunk Investigation Name
- Splunk Investigation Type
- Splunk Incident IDs
- Splunk ES Event Type
- Splunk Consolidated Findings
```

Reviewer: And delete lines 31-82

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Implicit Finding IDs**.

> ##### New: Splunk Excluded Finding IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Splunk Excluded Finding IDs
```

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Investigation GUID**.

##### New: Splunk Investigation ID

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Investigation ID**.

##### New: Splunk Investigation Name

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Investigation Name**.

##### New: Splunk Investigation Type

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Investigation Type**.

##### New: Splunk Incident IDs

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Incident IDs**.

##### New: Splunk ES Event Type

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk ES Event Type**.

##### New: Splunk Consolidated Findings

- New: Added a new incident field - **Splunk Consolidated Findings**.

#### Incident Types

##### New: Splunk Investigation

- New: Added a new incident type - **Splunk Investigation** for Splunk Mission Control investigations ingested by SplunkPy v2.

#### Integrations

##### SplunkPy v2

- Added support for fetching Splunk Mission Control investigations.
- Added the **Maximum investigations per fetch** parameter.
- Added the **Event types to fetch** parameter.
- Added the **First fetch timestamp (Investigations)** parameter.
- Added the **Investigations fetch query** parameter.

> - Added the **splunk-investigation-edit** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***splunk-investigation-edit*** command.
```

Author: Done.

#### Layouts

> ##### New: Splunk Investigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> - New: Added a new layout - **Splunk Investigation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the **Splunk Investigation** layout.
```

Author: Done.

#### Mappers

> ##### New: Splunk ES - Incoming Mapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> - New: Added a new mapper - **Splunk ES - Incoming Mapper** that maps Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation incoming fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **Splunk ES - Incoming Mapper** that maps incoming Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation fields.
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> ##### New: Splunk ES - Outgoing Mapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> - New: Added a new mapper - **Splunk ES - Outgoing Mapper** that maps Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation outgoing fields for mirror-out functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the **Splunk ES - Outgoing Mapper** that maps outgoing Splunk Finding and Splunk Investigation fields for mirror-out functionality.
```

Author: Done.

#### Scripts

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> ##### New: SplunkConvertConsolidatedFindingsToMD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.

> - New: Added a new script - **SplunkConvertConsolidatedFindingsToMD** that renders Splunk Investigation consolidated findings as a Markdown table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the **SplunkConvertConsolidatedFindingsToMD** script that renders Splunk Investigation consolidated findings as a Markdown table.
```

Is this specific for XSIAM?

Author: No — the script is generic and ships to all marketplaces. The Splunk Investigation layout uses it as a dynamic-section, and the layout is available on both XSOAR and XSIAM.
